README.md, before:

# Kickstarting with Excel

## Overview of Project
This project includes information and results over data gathered from Kickstarter campaigns to determine factors that influence the success or failure of plays.

### Purpose
Provide an evaluation of what factors are needed in order in run a successful crowdfunding campaign.

## Analysis and Challenges
- Provide an analysis of outcomes based on launch date.
- Provide an analysis outcomes based on goals.

### Analysis of Outcomes Based on Launch Date
Over the course of years, it is noted that most campaigns take place between the months of April and July. There are more successful outcome projects over the lapse of these months, however this is a normal trend throughout the whole year indicating that the month on which a campaign takes place has not much to do with the outcome of the project. We can also see the month of June has the highest number of succesful campaigns, so if a campaign was to be launched it is suggested that it occurr during this month.

### Analysis of Outcomes Based on Goals
After obtaining the percentages of successful, failed, and canceled outcomes based on the initial targeted goal, we can see that lower a campaign goal is set, the more likely it is to be that a crowdfunding campaign will be succesful. Campaigns between $15000 and $45000 have very high equal chances of being successful or failed. Anything over $45000 has very high chances of ending up as a failure and most likely anything over $50000 will end up failing or being cancelled.

## Results
- What are two conclusions you can draw about the Outcomes based on Launch Date?
There are more successful outcome projects between the months of April and July, however this is a normal trend throughout the whole year indicating that the month on which a campaign takes place has not much to do with the outcome of the project.
June is the month with highest succesful campaigns.

- What can you conclude about the Outcomes based on Goals?
The lower a campaign goal is set, the more likely it is to be that a crowdfunding campaign will be succesful. The higher the goal is set, the higher the chances are the campaigns ends in failure or cancelled. The initail goal is a key factor in the success of project.

- What are some limitations of this dataset?
It would be good to understand what exactly are the factors that determine how a goal is set, to see if there are any other key factors that play an important role.

- What are some other possible tables and/or graphs that we could create?
There can be many other graphs that can be made to determine what countries have more succesful outcomes, what categories have higher success rates, and graphs between outcomes and bakers to determines if the amount of bakers has an influnce over a final result.

Commit message:

Updating readme with fixed results

README.md, after:

# Kickstarting with Excel

### Note: Both outcomes presented below have been fixed to present the whole results based on all the kickstarter data table for Outcomes based on Launch Dates and filtered "plays" as subcategory for Outcomes based on Goals as of 06/17/2022.

## Overview of Project
This project includes information and results over data gathered from Kickstarter campaigns to determine factors that influence the success or failure of plays.

### Purpose
Provide an evaluation of what factors are needed in order in run a successful crowdfunding campaign.

## Analysis and Challenges
- Provide an analysis of outcomes based on launch date.
- Provide an analysis outcomes based on goals.

### Analysis of Outcomes Based on Launch Date

<img width="435" alt="Theater_Outcomes_vs_Launch" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/20058842/174418244-45c92758-03e4-4c5e-ba9b-03c0609d7b0b.png">

Over the course of years, it is noted that most campaigns take place between the months of April and July. There are more successful outcome projects over the lapse of these months, however this is a normal trend throughout the whole year indicating that the month on which a campaign takes place has not much to do with the outcome of the project. The number of failed and canceled projects is tends to have a consist outcomes regardless of the month of the year. It is recommend to launch a campaign during the month of May since it has the most higher outcomes while it is not recommended to launch a project during December since it has almost the same amount of probability of being a success or failure.

### Analysis of Outcomes Based on Goals

<img width="477" alt="Outcomes_vs_Goals" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/20058842/174418257-094f4fd1-a9ea-40a3-9eb0-96e017c213c3.png">

After obtaining the percentages of successful, failed, and canceled outcomes based on the initial targeted goal for subcategory "plays", we can see that lower a campaign goal is set, the more likely it is to be that a crowdfunding campaign will be succesful. Campaigns between $15000 and $45000 have very high equal chances of being successful or failed. Anything over $45000 has very high chances of ending up as a failure and most likely anything over $50000 will end up failing or being cancelled.

## Results
- What are two conclusions you can draw about the Outcomes based on Launch Date?
There are more successful outcome projects between the months of April and July, however this is a normal trend throughout the whole year indicating that the month on which a campaign takes place has not much to do with the outcome of the project.
May is the month with highest succesful campaigns.

- What can you conclude about the Outcomes based on Goals?
The lower a campaign goal is set, the more likely it is to be that a crowdfunding campaign will be succesful. The higher the goal is set, the higher the chances are the campaigns ends in failure or cancelled. The initail goal is a key factor in the success of project.

- What are some limitations of this dataset?
It would be good to understand what exactly are the factors that determine how a goal is set, to see if there are any other key factors that play an important role.

- What are some other possible tables and/or graphs that we could create?
There can be many other graphs that can be made to determine what countries have more succesful outcomes, what categories have higher success rates, and graphs between outcomes and bakers to determines if the amount of bakers has an influnce over a final result.
